README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm LT (uldYssian-sh) 👋

## Table of Contents
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Support](#support)

## Prerequisites

Before using this project, ensure you have:
- Required tools and dependencies
- Proper access credentials
- System requirements met


## 🙋 About Me
**Infrastructure Engineer | VCIX-DCV | vExpert | Tech Blogger**
Specialized in **Data Center Virtualization & Cloud Management**.

I'm passionate about designing and deploying enterprise-grade virtualization solutions, automating infrastructure, and exploring the intersection of cloud and data center technologies.

💡 Focus areas: **VMware vSphere, VMware Cloud Foundation, vSAN, and Hybrid Cloud**
🌍 Active in the community, sharing knowledge and contributing to technical blogs and forums.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

<!-- Languages -->
![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

---

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools
- **Virtualization & Cloud**: VMware vSphere, VMware Cloud Foundation
- **Cloud Platforms**: AWS

![Diagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Bash/Python,PowerShell-informational?style=flat&logo=Language&logoColor=white&color=blue)
![Diagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Virtualization-VMware-informational?style=flat&logo=Language&logoColor=white&color=blue)
![Diagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-AWS-informational?style=flat&logo=Language&logoColor=white&color=blue)

---

## 🏆 Accomplishments
- 🌟 **VMware vExpert 2023 - 2025**
- 🎓 **VCP-VCF Admin/Architect**
- 🎓 **VCAP-DCV Design**
- 🎓 **VCIX-DCV 2023**
- 🎓 **VCAP-DCV Design/Deploy 2023**
- 🎓 **VCP-VMC/CMA/DCV/NV 2023**

**Other Programs & Communities**
- 🌐 **AWS Connected Community**
- 🌐 **Broadcom Community**

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Required tools and dependencies listed above
- Proper access credentials configured

### Basic Usage

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/uldyssian-sh/uldyssian-sh.git
cd uldyssian-sh

# Follow setup instructions
# See detailed documentation in Wiki
```

### Examples

Check the `examples/` directory for:
- Basic configuration examples
- Advanced use cases
- Best practices implementation
- Production deployment guides

### Next Steps

1. 📖 Read the [Wiki](wiki) for detailed documentation
2. 🔧 Check [Issues](issues) for known problems
3. 💬 Join [Discussions](discussions) for community support
4. 🤝 See [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) to help improve the project

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on:
- How to submit issues
- How to propose changes
- Code style guidelines
- Review process

## Support

- 📖 [Wiki Documentation](../../wiki)
- 💬 [Discussions](../../discussions)
- 🐛 [Issue Tracker](../../issues)
- 🔒 [Security Policy](SECURITY.md)

---
**Made with ❤️ for the community**

Commit message:

🤖 Amazon Q: Add comprehensive Amazon Q Developer support and integration

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm LT (uldYssian-sh) 👋

## Table of Contents
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Support](#support)

## Prerequisites

Before using this project, ensure you have:
- Required tools and dependencies
- Proper access credentials
- System requirements met


## 🙋 About Me
**Infrastructure Engineer | VCIX-DCV | vExpert | Tech Blogger**
Specialized in **Data Center Virtualization & Cloud Management**.

I'm passionate about designing and deploying enterprise-grade virtualization solutions, automating infrastructure, and exploring the intersection of cloud and data center technologies.

💡 Focus areas: **VMware vSphere, VMware Cloud Foundation, vSAN, and Hybrid Cloud**
🌍 Active in the community, sharing knowledge and contributing to technical blogs and forums.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

<!-- Languages -->
![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uldyssian-sh/github-stats/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

---

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools
- **Virtualization & Cloud**: VMware vSphere, VMware Cloud Foundation
- **Cloud Platforms**: AWS

![Diagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Bash/Python,PowerShell-informational?style=flat&logo=Language&logoColor=white&color=blue)
![Diagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Virtualization-VMware-informational?style=flat&logo=Language&logoColor=white&color=blue)
![Diagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-AWS-informational?style=flat&logo=Language&logoColor=white&color=blue)

---

## 🏆 Accomplishments
- 🌟 **VMware vExpert 2023 - 2025**
- 🎓 **VCP-VCF Admin/Architect**
- 🎓 **VCAP-DCV Design**
- 🎓 **VCIX-DCV 2023**
- 🎓 **VCAP-DCV Design/Deploy 2023**
- 🎓 **VCP-VMC/CMA/DCV/NV 2023**

**Other Programs & Communities**
- 🌐 **AWS Connected Community**
- 🌐 **Broadcom Community**

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Required tools and dependencies listed above
- Proper access credentials configured

### Basic Usage

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/uldyssian-sh/uldyssian-sh.git
cd uldyssian-sh

# Follow setup instructions
# See detailed documentation in Wiki
```

### Examples

Check the `examples/` directory for:
- Basic configuration examples
- Advanced use cases
- Best practices implementation
- Production deployment guides

### Next Steps

1. 📖 Read the [Wiki](wiki) for detailed documentation
2. 🔧 Check [Issues](issues) for known problems
3. 💬 Join [Discussions](discussions) for community support
4. 🤝 See [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) to help improve the project

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on:
- How to submit issues
- How to propose changes
- Code style guidelines
- Review process

## 🤖 AI Development Support

This repository is optimized for AI-assisted development:
- **Amazon Q Developer**: Enhanced AWS and cloud development assistance
- **GitHub Copilot**: Code completion and suggestions
- **AI-friendly documentation**: Clear structure for better AI understanding

See [AMAZON_Q_INTEGRATION.md](AMAZON_Q_INTEGRATION.md) for detailed setup and usage.

## Support

- 📖 [Wiki Documentation](../../wiki)
- 💬 [Discussions](../../discussions)
- 🐛 [Issue Tracker](../../issues)
- 🔒 [Security Policy](SECURITY.md)

---
**Made with ❤️ for the community**
